"A meditation"

"Our bodies cannot love
But without them what works of love
can we do?" -- W.H. Auden

Recently I re-read the 8th chapter of St. Luke's Gospel
In it he tells of a woman with a severe physical probelm for twelve years, "incurable at any doctor's hands."
In a crowd around Jesus she set aside her fears, her sense of guilt, that her illness was a punishment from God, and finally reached Jesus
With fear and anxiety over touching a spiritual leader, a man, she touched the tassel on the cloak of Jesus
"Immediately she was cured."

Who was she?
St. Luke does not giver her a name
When a person was healed at the time of Jesus demons were expelled by popular belief
Could that courageous woman be Mary Magdalene?
Perhaps she is the woman St. Luke tells us who evidently had some prior contact with Jesus, who with courage entered the home of a wealthy Jew who had invited Jesus in a half-hearted way to dinner
Casting caution to the wind this woman stands near Jesus weeping tears of joy at his feet, and anointing them with an expensive ointment
Jesus turned to the courageous woman who had defied tradition by the intimate approach to him, caressing him in public
He said to her, "Your sins are forgiven.  Your faith has been your salvation."
She had a strong faith that overcame her fear of rejection, clinging to the belief in the kindness and compassion of Jesus that somehow she had experienced
Pope John Paul I, in his all too brief time with us, said, "God does not want to hurt us, but only do good for us.  If children are ill, they have additional claim to be loved by their mother and me too.  If by chance we are sick with badness and are on the wrong track, we have yet another claim to be loved by the Lord." 
[Sept. 24, 1978, quoted by Elizabeth Johnson in Quest for the Living God, p. 102]

Mary Magdalene confirms the love of God for us in our physical and spiritual illness and mourns "badness." 
Renewed devotion to Mary Magdalene and to our Lady is telling us "the Church is called away from our deeply-ingrained patriarchy to build communities of men and women as equals
As people of faith we are challenged to collaborate in the struggle to transform society into a place where discrimination, exclusion and violence against woen and especially young girls will cease, and where women of all races and classes will be mutual partners rather than subordinate auxiliaries or marginalized objects." [lbid.]

A further insight into women sharing in the ministry of Jesus is his selection of Mary Magdalene to announce teh Resurrection to the frightened, cowardly men we call apostles
St. Luke 6:17-19 tells of o great number of people crowding around Jesus with illnesses and problems spiritual and physical
Jesus did not rely on his power of words to heal themSt. Luke , himself a physician, wrote, "Power went out from Jesus and cured all."
I believe jesus is in me, reminding me it is not my theological expertise or oratory that reaches others; it is my turning to Jesus in me, the compassionate, loving Jesus, and I ask him to cure all who come to me as he did when he came down from the Transfiguration to meet and minister to all who came to him