We are born with a desire to enjoy the pleasure of a woman or a man.  Yet while our body is wired for this our mind is wired to the oneness of the Divine and the plan.  I often wonder, why can't I look at women on the web, why can't I invite a girl from the bar to my room, why can't I have sexual fun?  The answer of course, &quot;Save it for your wife.&quot;  But what wife?  I at the moment of being a 22 year old have no current relationships nor do I have any women who are close to wanting to date me.  So why then does my mind say no you can't have fun you must wait?  On what grounds apart from religion is my mind taught to ignore my body and deny the pleasures it was built to enjoy?  Why do I feel guilt when I enjoy looking at a woman online and pleasuring myself?  Naturally it feels great but the aftermath is a war-zone with myself.  I play a game of I won't find a woman to date if I look yet I've been &quot;good&quot; and not looked for some time now yet no woman has entered my life.  How many days must I wait and deny the pleasures my body so badly wants to enjoy?  

If I am to do God's will and it means denying my body the pleasures why then is the struggle so hard?  If I agree to do God's will does that mean that I must stop my human pleasure?  What good does that do for my natural balance between my body and my mind and spirit?  It makes the temptation harder	each day I go without and yet the constant idea is &quot;You must show that you can without from pleasures to enjoy and find your wife.&quot;  

I got into the internet of pleasure very young, it has forever tempted me and forever shackled me with guilt.  Where does this guilt come from?  If my body was built to enjoy looking at women and enjoying sex whether it be on screen or in real life why then do I feel such remorse when looking and pleasuring myself to it?  The religious answer is obvious but in a period of time that I live in religion is but an argument.  My body supplies an equal argument of enjoying the opposite sex and my mind counters saying it is not real and it destroys my chances of falling in love.

What love, where do I need to look to find this &quot;special someone.&quot;  I'm tired of denying my body the pleasure for the blocked opportunities I keep experiencing.  Whether it be a waiter at a bar that wants me or a girl I meet, why do I keep experiencing a plan where I am denied any sharing of pleasure with them? 

I am a broken man, I have yet to go 90 days without either looking at women online or thinking about them when I pleasure myself.  I am currently at 18 days without any pleasure and it is painful.  I meet girls at bars and the plan is so obvious to block any chance of pleasure afterwards.  My body is furious, my mind is running out of arguments, at what point do I say enough and give in to my body's request?		