A story once went a man walked into the woods with a canteen and a hatchet.  
He sought the earth and its wonders and mystery.  Little did he know the earth felt the same.
So much so to create a plant capable of communicating with us to the point of exchanging ideas.
Yet to many this concept of communication with something other than a human is wrong or intimidating.
It is a natural reaction and not one to be criticized or held within judgement.
For this worry is based in belief and experience of how abuse of the plant can ruin a life.
The plant like any other creation designed for us carries with it the desire to enjoy and the ability to abuse.
Whether it be chocolate, gaming, hunting, shopping or sleeping they all are bound by this relationship.
It is up to the user to find the balance between enjoying and abusing.
...
Many often think the plant overwhelms the mind and makes it incapable to deal with our reality.
I am here to speak the counterargument.
Many say the plant is demotivating and therefore users do not achieve anything.
Let this not be a brag but rather a statement:
I have graduated from a 4 year university with a degree in MIS (Management Information Systems)
I work as a System Administrator coding in PHP, SQL, and PowerShell as well as supporting company users.
I having been practising martial arts since I was 7 and playing soccer since I was 3.
I have spent a full year immersed in a foreign culture (Firenze, Italy).  "Come stai?  Tutto bene?"
I like to climb a tree after work and in the sunshine load my communication tool and connect with the plant.
When I connect I am filled with happiness and love, the worries of the day are explained and I am relieved.
Then come the ideas, many are fun to think about but the most fun is to choose which to implement in reality.
On multiple occasions I have received ideas to do nice things for others.  If possible I do my best to complete them.
The love and kindness shown to me by the plant is passed on to others by telling me how and who to help.
Being a tech lover I also receive many ideas for ways to improve my computer code, create new code, and enjoy others' code.
...
Our culture is saturated by chemicals created in a lab and passed out with high price tags.
Why is the one drug built naturally to heal and communicate with us have such a bad name?
Why is our channel to a deeper spiritual connection closed and frowned upon?
We as a state are making history.  We are becoming the 2nd state to start legally selling the plant.
We are in a direct crossing between the states' rights verse the federal rights.
We have a chance to show the power of the people can still be heard by the powers in office.
We voted for this and this is a pivotal point in our history to see if our desire to toke is squashed.
We can speak up and be heard or we can cower in fear of the NSA (National Security Agency).  
This is me, a happy toker speaking up.
Please honor our desire to connect with the plant and be free to commune with its presence.
Thank you
-Amaricus

  



